{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\nouicompat\deflang2057{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Calibri;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset2 Symbol;}}
{\colortbl ;\red0\green77\blue187;\red255\green0\blue0;}
{\*\generator Riched20 10.0.19041}\viewkind4\uc1 
\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\f0\fs22\lang9\line\line\cf1\ul\b\i 1. Complete the tasks below:\par
a. Create a sample detailed Test Plan to communicate your Test Approach to your Test Team Members using Microsoft Word. The Test Plan should include the Objectives, Scope, Schedule, Risks, and Approaches and should clearly identify what the test deliverables will be and what is deemed in and out of scope.\line\cf0\ulnone\b0\i0\line\cf2\ul\b\fs40 Test Plan: ZARA QA Automation Test Plan\cf0\ulnone\b0\par
\fs22\par
\ul\b\fs28 Introduction:\par
\ulnone\b0\fs22 a. \ul Purpose of the Test Plan: \ulnone The purpose of this test plan is to outline the approach, scope, schedule, risks, and deliverables of the QA automation testing for ZARA's software applications.\par
b. \ul Scope of Testing: \ulnone The scope includes all software applications developed by ZARA, including web and mobile platforms.\par
c. Objectives:\par
i. Ensure the quality and reliability of ZARA's software applications through comprehensive automation testing.\par
ii. Identify defects and issues in the software applications before production release.\par
iii. Improve overall test efficiency and reduce manual effort through automation.\par
\par
\ul\b\fs28 Test Approach:\ulnone\b0\fs22\par
a. Testing Strategies and Techniques: The automation testing will follow a combination of functional testing, regression testing, and integration testing.\par
b. Test Levels: The test levels will include unit testing, component testing, integration testing, and system testing.\par
c. Test Types: The test types will include functional testing, usability testing, performance testing, and security testing.\par
d. Test Environment: The test environment will include various browsers (Chrome, Firefox, Safari), operating systems (Windows, macOS, iOS, Android), and devices.\par
e. Test Data: Test data will be generated and/or collected to cover different scenarios and edge cases.\par
f. Test Tools: The test automation framework will utilize tools such as Selenium WebDriver, Appium, JUnit, TestNG, and Cucumber for test case creation, execution, and reporting.\par
\par
\ul\b\fs28 Test Deliverables:\ulnone\b0\fs22\par
a. Test Plan Document: This document, outlining the test approach and scope.\par
b. Test Cases: Detailed test cases covering different functional scenarios of ZARA application.\par
c. Test Scripts: Automation scripts developed for executing the test cases using testing tools and frameworks such as Selenium WebDriver, Appium, JUnit, TestNG.\par
d. Test Data: Prepared datasets for test execution using configuration files which contain(values such as usernames, passwords, URLs, or other parameters.\par
e. Test Reports: Reports generated after each test run, summarizing the test results and highlighting any defects or issues found.\par
\par
\ul\b\fs28 Test Schedule:\ulnone\b0\fs22\par
a. Start and End Dates: Testing will commence on [7/06/23]s expected to be completed by [6/07/24]\par
b. Milestones: Milestones will be set at the completion of each testing phase, including unit testing, integration testing, and system testing.\par
c. Resource Allocation: Resources will be allocated based on the project requirements and test execution timeline.\par
\par
\ul\b\fs28 Risks and Mitigation:\par
\b0\fs22 a. Identified Risks:\ulnone\par
i. Lack of test environment availability.\par
ii. Incomplete or delayed requirements.\par
iii. High turnover of test team members.\par
\ul b. Impact Analysis: \ulnone The identified risks may impact the test schedule and overall test coverage.\par
\ul c. Risk Mitigation Strategies:\par
\ulnone i. Proactively communicate and coordinate with stakeholders for test environment availability.\par
ii. Engage with the development team to clarify and finalize requirements upfront.\par
iii. Develop proper documentation and knowledge transfer processes to mitigate the impact of team turnover.\par
\par
\ul\b\fs28 Test Scope:\par
\ulnone\b0\fs22 a. In-Scope Items: All software applications, modules, and features developed by ZARA.\par
b. Out-of-Scope Items: Third-party integrations and external systems not directly developed by ZARA.\par
\ul\b\fs28\par
Test Execution:\par
\ulnone\b0\fs22 a. Test Execution Strategy: Execute test cases using automation scripts, analyze test results, and report any defects or issues found.\par
b. Entry Criteria: Development completion, environment readiness, and availability of test data.\par
c. Exit Criteria: Completion of all identified test cases, resolution of critical defects, and achieving the defined quality goals.\par
d. Test Environment Setup: Set up the required test environment, including servers, databases, and test devices.\par
e. Test Execution Schedule: Define the schedule for executing different test phases and assign responsible\line\line\line\line\line\cf1\ul\b\i 2. Explain to your full understanding of the following questions:\par
a. What is software testing?\par
b. What are the different levels of testing? \par
c. What is the purpose of a test plan? \par
d. What is a test case? \par
e. What is the difference between static testing and dynamic testing?\line\cf0\ulnone\b0\i0\line\par
\ul\b\fs28 a. What is software testing?\ulnone\b0\fs22\par
Software testing is a systematic process of evaluating a software application or system to identify defects, errors, or gaps between expected and actual behavior. It involves executing various test cases, analyzing the results, and comparing the software's actual behavior with its expected behavior. The goal of software testing is to ensure that the software meets quality standards, functions as intended, and satisfies user requirements.\par
\par
\ul\b\fs28 b. What are the different levels of testing?\par
\ulnone\b0\fs22 Different levels of testing in software testing are as follows:\par

\pard{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1\ul Unit Testing: \ulnone It focuses on testing individual components or units of code in isolation to ensure they work correctly. It is typically performed by developers.\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}\ul Integration Testing: \ulnone It verifies the interaction between different modules or components to ensure they work together as expected. It tests the interfaces and data flow between the components.\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}\ul System Testing: \ulnone It tests the complete system or application to verify that it meets the specified requirements. It involves testing the system as a whole in a simulated environment.\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}\ul Acceptance Testing: \ulnone It is performed to determine if the system meets the business requirements and if it is ready for deployment. It involves end-users or stakeholders testing the system in a real or simulated environment.\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}\ul Regression Testing:\ulnone  It is performed to ensure that changes or enhancements to the software do not introduce new defects or break existing functionality. It involves retesting previously tested functionalities.\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}\ul Performance Testing: \ulnone It tests the system's performance under various load conditions to ensure it meets performance criteria such as response time, scalability, and stability.\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}\ul Security Testing: \ulnone It focuses on identifying vulnerabilities and weaknesses in the software to ensure data and system security. It involves testing for potential security breaches and protecting against unauthorized access.\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\par
\ul\b\fs28 c. What is the purpose of a test plan?\par
\ulnone\b0\fs22 The purpose of a test plan is to define the approach, scope, objectives, schedule, resources, and deliverables of the testing activities for a specific project or software application. It acts as a roadmap for the testing team, providing a comprehensive overview of the testing strategy and guidelines to be followed. A test plan helps ensure that testing is conducted systematically, efficiently, and effectively. It also serves as a communication tool between the stakeholders, project managers, and the testing team, aligning everyone's expectations and understanding of the testing process.\par
\par
\ul\b\fs28 d. What is a test case?\ulnone\b0\fs22\par
A test case is a detailed set of instructions and conditions that outline the steps to be executed, the expected results, and any prerequisites or dependencies required to validate a specific aspect of the software application. Each test case typically focuses on a particular functionality or scenario to be tested. It includes input data, test steps, expected outcomes, and any additional information necessary for execution. Test cases are used by testers to ensure that the software behaves as expected and to identify any deviations or defects in its functionality.\par
\par
\ul\b\fs28 e. What is the difference between static testing and dynamic testing?\ulnone\b0\fs22\par
\ul\b Static Testing:\par
\ulnone\b0\par

\pard 
{\pntext\f0 i.\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlbody\pnf0\pnindent0\pnstart1\pnlcrm{\pntxta.}}
\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1 Static testing is a testing technique performed without executing the code.\par
{\pntext\f0 ii.\tab}It focuses on reviewing and analyzing software artifacts such as requirements, design documents, source code, and documentation.\par
{\pntext\f0 iii.\tab}The goal is to identify defects, inconsistencies, or deviations from standards, guidelines, or best practices.\par
{\pntext\f0 iv.\tab}Static testing techniques include reviews, inspections, walkthroughs, and code analysis.\par
{\pntext\f0 v.\tab}It helps in early defect detection and prevention.\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\b\par
\ul Dynamic Testing:\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\ulnone\b0\par

\pard 
{\pntext\f0 i.\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlbody\pnf0\pnindent0\pnstart1\pnlcrm{\pntxta.}}
\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1 Dynamic testing involves the execution of the software application to validate its behavior and functionality.\par
{\pntext\f0 ii.\tab}It focuses on evaluating the actual execution of the code against expected results.\par
{\pntext\f0 iii.\tab}The goal is to identify defects, errors, and failures in the software.\par
{\pntext\f0 iv.\tab}Dynamic testing techniques include functional testing, performance testing, security testing, and usability testing.\par
{\pntext\f0 v.\tab}It helps in validating the functionality, performance, and overall quality of the software.\par
{\pntext\f0 vi.\tab}In summary, static testing is performed without executing the code to analyze software artifacts, while dynamic\par
}
 